# Copy-ItemProperty

## SYNOPSIS
Copies a property and value from a specified location to another location.

## DESCRIPTION
The Copy-ItemProperty cmdlet copies a property and value from a specified location to another location.
For example, you can use Copy-ItemProperty to copy one or more registry entries from one registry key to another registry key.

## PARAMETERS

### Credential [PSCredential]

```powershell
[Parameter(ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true)]
```

Specifies a user account that has permission to perform this action.
The default is the current user.

Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.


### Destination [String]

```powershell
[Parameter(
  Mandatory = $true,
  Position = 2,
  ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true)]
```

Specifies the path to the destination location.


### Exclude [String[]]

Omits the specified items.
Wildcards are permitted.


### Filter [String]

Specifies a filter in the provider's format or language.
The value of this parameter qualifies the Path parameter.
The syntax of the filter, including the use of wildcards, depends on the provider.
Filters are more efficient than other parameters, because the provider applies them when retrieving the objects rather than having Windows PowerShell filter the objects after they are retrieved.


### Force [switch]

Allows the cmdlet to override restrictions such as renaming existing files as long as security is not compromised.


### Include [String[]]

Specifies only those items upon which the cmdlet will act, excluding all others.


### InformationAction [System.Management.Automation.ActionPreference]

```powershell
[ValidateSet(
  'SilentlyContinue',
  'Stop',
  'Continue',
  'Inquire',
  'Ignore',
  'Suspend')]
```


Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.


### InformationVariable [System.String]


Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.


### LiteralPath [String[]]

```powershell
[Parameter(
  Mandatory = $true,
  ParameterSetName = 'Set 2')]
```

Specifies a path to the item property.
The value of LiteralPath is used exactly as it is typed.
No characters are interpreted as wildcards.
If the path includes escape characters, enclose it in single quotation marks.
Single quotation marks tell Windows PowerShell not to interpret any characters as escape sequences.


### Name [String]

```powershell
[Parameter(
  Mandatory = $true,
  Position = 3,
  ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true)]
```

Specifies the name of the property to be copied.


### PassThru [switch]

Returns an object representing the copied item property.
By default, this cmdlet does not generate any output.


### Path [String[]]

```powershell
[Parameter(
  Mandatory = $true,
  Position = 1,
  ValueFromPipeline = $true,
  ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true,
  ParameterSetName = 'Set 1')]
```

Specifies the path to the property to be copied.


### Confirm [switch]

Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.


### WhatIf [switch]

Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.


### UseTransaction [switch]

Includes the command in the active transaction.
This parameter is valid only when a transaction is in progress.
For more information, see Includes the command in the active transaction.
This parameter is valid only when a transaction is in progress.
For more information, see



## INPUTS
### System.String

You can pipe a string that contains a path to Copy-ItemProperty.

## OUTPUTS
### None or System.Management.Automation.PSCustomObject

When you use the Passthru parameter, Copy-ItemProperty generates a PsCustomObject representing the copied item property.
Otherwise, this cmdlet does not generate any output.

## NOTES
The Copy-ItemProperty cmdlet is designed to work with the data exposed by any provider.
To list the providers available in your session, type "Get-PSProvider".
For more information, see about_Providers.


## EXAMPLES
### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------

```powershell
PS C:\>copy-itemproperty -path MyApplication -destination HKLM:\Software\MyApplicationRev2 -name MyProperty

```
This command copies the property named MyProperty from the MyApplication registry key to the MyApplicationRev2 registry key.







## RELATED LINKS

[Online Version:](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=290484)

[Clear-ItemProperty]()

[Get-ItemProperty]()

[Move-ItemProperty]()

[New-ItemProperty]()

[Rename-ItemProperty]()

[Set-ItemProperty]()

[about_Providers]()

