# Get-ItemPropertyValue

## SYNOPSIS
Gets the value for one or more properties of a specified item.

## DESCRIPTION
Get-ItemPropertyValue gets the current value for a property that you specify by using the Name parameter, located in a path that you specify with either the Path or LiteralPath parameters.

## PARAMETERS

### Credential [PSCredential]

```powershell
[Parameter(ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true)]
```

Specifies a user account that has permission to perform this action.
The default is the current user.
Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you are prompted for a password.
This parameter is not supported by any providers that are installed with Windows PowerShell.


### Exclude [String[]]

Omits the specified items.
Wildcard characters are permitted.


### Filter [String]

Specifies a filter in the provider's format or language.
The value of this parameter qualifies the Path parameter.
The syntax of the filter, including the use of wildcard characters, depends on the provider.
Filters are more efficient than other parameters, because the provider applies them when retrieving the objects rather than having Windows PowerShell filter the objects after they are retrieved.


### Include [String[]]

Includes the specified items.


### InformationAction [System.Management.Automation.ActionPreference]

```powershell
[ValidateSet(
  'SilentlyContinue',
  'Stop',
  'Continue',
  'Inquire',
  'Ignore',
  'Suspend')]
```




### InformationVariable [System.String]




### LiteralPath [String[]]

```powershell
[Parameter(
  Mandatory = $true,
  ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true,
  ParameterSetName = 'Set 2')]
```

Specifies a path to the item property.
The value of LiteralPath is used exactly as it is typed.
No characters are interpreted as wildcards.
If the path includes escape characters, enclose it in single quotation marks.


### Name [String[]]

```powershell
[Parameter(
  Mandatory = $true,
  Position = 2)]
```

Specifies the name of the property or properties to retrieve.


### Path [String[]]

```powershell
[Parameter(
  Position = 1,
  ValueFromPipeline = $true,
  ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true,
  ParameterSetName = 'Set 1')]
```

Specifies the path to the item or items.


### UseTransaction [switch]

Includes the command in the active transaction.
This parameter is valid only when a transaction is in progress.
For more information, see Includes the command in the active transaction.
This parameter is valid only when a transaction is in progress.
For more information, see



## INPUTS
### System.String

You can pipe a string that contains a path to Get-ItemPropertyValue.

## OUTPUTS
### System.Boolean, System.String, System.DateTime

Get-ItemPropertyValue returns an object for each item property value that it gets.
The object type depends on the property value that is retrieved.
For example, in a file system drive, the cmdlet might return a file or folder.

## NOTES
The Get-ItemPropertyValue cmdlet is designed to work with the data exposed by any provider.
To list the providers available in your session, run the Get-PSProvider cmdlet.
For more information, see about_Providers.

## EXAMPLES
### Example 1: Get the value of the ProductID property

```powershell
PS C:\>Get-ItemPropertyValue HKLM:\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion -Name ProductID
94253-50000-11141-AA785

```
In the following example, you get the value of the ProductID property of the \SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion object in the Windows Registry provider.


### Example 2: Get the last write time of a file or folder

```powershell
PS C:\>Get-ItemPropertyValue -Path C:\Users\Test\Documents\ModuleToAssembly -Name LastWriteTime
Wednesday, September 3, 2014 2:53:22 PM

```
In the following example, you get the value of the LastWriteTime property, or the last time a file or folder was changed, from the C:\Users\Test\Documents\ModuleToAssembly folder, working in the FileSystem provider.


### Example 3: Get multiple property values of a file or folder

```powershell
PS C:\>Get-ItemPropertyValue -Path C:\Users\Test\Documents\ModuleToAssembly -Name LastWriteTime,CreationTime,Root

Wednesday, September 3, 2014 2:53:22 PM
Wednesday, September 3, 2014 2:53:10 PM

Name              : C:\
Parent            :
Exists            : True
Root              : C:\
FullName          : C:\
Extension         :
CreationTime      : 9/1/2014 4:59:45 AM
CreationTimeUtc   : 9/1/2014 11:59:45 AM
LastAccessTime    : 9/27/2014 5:22:02 PM
LastAccessTimeUtc : 9/28/2014 12:22:02 AM
LastWriteTime     : 9/27/2014 5:22:02 PM
LastWriteTimeUtc  : 9/28/2014 12:22:02 AM
Attributes        : Hidden, System, Directory
BaseName          : C:\
Target            :
LinkType          :
Mode              : d--hs-


```
This example gets the values of the LastWriteTime, CreationTime, and Root properties of a folder.
The property values are returned in the order in which you specified the property names.



## RELATED LINKS

[Online Version:](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=389281)

[Get-ItemProperty]()

[Clear-ItemProperty]()

[Copy-ItemProperty]()

[Move-ItemProperty]()

[New-ItemProperty]()

[Remove-ItemProperty]()

[Rename-ItemProperty]()

[Set-ItemProperty]()

[about_Providers]()

