# New-Item

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a new item.

## DESCRIPTION
The New-Item cmdlet creates a new item and sets its value.
The types of items that can be created depend upon the location of the item.
For example, in the file system, New-Item is used to create files and folders.
In the registry, New-Item creates registry keys and entries.

New-Item can also set the value of the items that it creates.
For example, when creating a new file, New-Item can add initial content to the file.

## PARAMETERS

### Credential [PSCredential]

```powershell
[Parameter(ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true)]
```

Specifies a user account that has permission to perform this action.
The default is the current user.

Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell


### Force [switch]

Allows the cmdlet to create an item that writes over an existing read-only item.
Implementation varies from provider to provider.
For more information, see about_Providers.
Even using the Force parameter, the cmdlet cannot override security restrictions.


### InformationAction [System.Management.Automation.ActionPreference]

```powershell
[ValidateSet(
  'SilentlyContinue',
  'Stop',
  'Continue',
  'Inquire',
  'Ignore',
  'Suspend')]
```


Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell


### InformationVariable [System.String]


Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell


### ItemType [String]

```powershell
[Parameter(ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true)]
```

Specifies the provider-specified type of the new item.
Starting in Windows PowerShell 5.0, you can create symbolic links by specifying SymbolicLink as the value of this parameter.


### Name [String]

```powershell
[Parameter(
  Mandatory = $true,
  ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true,
  ParameterSetName = 'Set 2')]
```

Specifies the name of the new item.

You can specify the name of the new item in the Name or Path parameter value, and you can specify the path to the new item in the Name or Path parameter value.


### Path [String[]]

```powershell
[Parameter(
  Mandatory = $true,
  Position = 1,
  ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true,
  ParameterSetName = 'Set 1')]
[Parameter(
  Position = 1,
  ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true,
  ParameterSetName = 'Set 2')]
```

Specifies the path to the location of the new item.
Wildcards are permitted.

You can specify the name of the new item in the Name parameter, or include it in the Path parameter.


### Value [Object]

```powershell
[Parameter(
  ValueFromPipeline = $true,
  ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true)]
```

Specifies the value of the new item.
You can also pipe a value to New-Item.


### Confirm [switch]

Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.


### WhatIf [switch]

Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.


### UseTransaction [switch]

Includes the command in the active transaction.
This parameter is valid only when a transaction is in progress.
For more information, see Includes the command in the active transaction.
This parameter is valid only when a transaction is in progress.
For more information, see



## INPUTS
### System.Object

You can pipe a value for the new item to the New-Item cmdlet.

## OUTPUTS
### System.Object

New-Item returns the item that it creates.

## NOTES
The New-Item cmdlet is designed to work with the data exposed by any provider.
To list the providers available in your session, type "Get-PsProvider".
For more information, see about_Providers.


## EXAMPLES
### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------

```powershell
PS C:\>new-item -path . -name testfile1.txt -itemtype "file" -value "This is a text string."

```
This command creates a text file named testfile1.txt in the current directory.
The dot (.) in the value of the Path parameter indicates the current directory.
The quoted text that follows the Value parameter is added to the file as content.






### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 2 --------------------------

```powershell
PS C:\>new-item -path c:\ -name logfiles -itemtype directory

```
This command creates a directory named Logfiles in the C: drive.
The ItemType parameter specifies that the new item is a directory, not a file or other file system object.






### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 3 --------------------------

```powershell
PS C:\>new-item -path $profile -itemtype file -force

```
This command creates a Windows PowerShell profile in the path that is specified by the $profile variable.

You can use profiles to customize Windows PowerShell. $Profile is an automatic (built-in) variable that stores the path and file name of the CurrentUser/CurrentHost profile.
By default, the profile does not exist, even though Windows PowerShell stores a path and file name for it.

In this command, the $profile variable represents the path to the file.
The ItemType parameter specifies that the command creates a file.
The Force parameter lets you create a file in the profile path, even when the directories in the path do not exist (Windows PowerShell creates them).

After you use this command to create a profile, you can enter aliases, functions, and scripts in the profile to customize your shell.

For more information, see about_Automatic_Variables and about_Profiles.






### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 4 --------------------------

```powershell
PS C:\>new-item -itemtype directory -path c:\ps-test\scripts

```
This command creates a new Scripts directory in the C:\PS-Test directory.

The name of the new directory item, Scripts, is included in the value of the Path parameter, instead of being specified in the value of the Name parameter.
As indicated by the syntax, either command form is valid.






### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 5 --------------------------

```powershell
PS C:\>new-item -itemtype file -path "c:\ps-test\test.txt", "c:\ps-test\Logs\test.log"

```
This command uses the New-Item cmdlet to create files in two different directories.
Because the Path parameter takes multiple strings, you can use it to create multiple items.



## RELATED LINKS

[Online Version:](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=293886)

[Clear-Item]()

[Copy-Item]()

[Get-Item]()

[Invoke-Item]()

[Move-Item]()

[Remove-Item]()

[Rename-Item]()

[Set-Item]()

[about_Providers]()

