# Rename-ItemProperty

## SYNOPSIS
Renames a property of an item.

## DESCRIPTION
The Rename-ItemProperty cmdlet changes the name of a specified item property.
The value of the property is not changed.
For example, you can use Rename-ItemProperty to change the name of a registry entry.

## PARAMETERS

### Credential [PSCredential]

```powershell
[Parameter(ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true)]
```

Specifies a user account that has permission to perform this action.
The default is the current user.

Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.


### Exclude [String[]]

Omits the specified items.
Wildcards are permitted.


### Filter [String]

Specifies a filter in the provider's format or language.
The value of this parameter qualifies the Path parameter.
The syntax of the filter, including the use of wildcards, depends on the provider.
Filters are more efficient than other parameters, because the provider applies them when retrieving the objects rather than having Windows PowerShell filter the objects after they are retrieved.


### Force [switch]

Allows the cmdlet to rename a property of an object that cannot otherwise be accessed by the user.
Implementation varies from provider to provider.
For more information, see about_Providers.


### Include [String[]]

Specifies only those items upon which the cmdlet will act, excluding all others.


### InformationAction [System.Management.Automation.ActionPreference]

```powershell
[ValidateSet(
  'SilentlyContinue',
  'Stop',
  'Continue',
  'Inquire',
  'Ignore',
  'Suspend')]
```


Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.


### InformationVariable [System.String]


Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.


### LiteralPath [String]

```powershell
[Parameter(
  Mandatory = $true,
  ParameterSetName = 'Set 2')]
```

Specifies a path to the item property.
The value of LiteralPath is used exactly as it is typed.
No characters are interpreted as wildcards.
If the path includes escape characters, enclose it in single quotation marks.
Single quotation marks tell Windows PowerShell not to interpret any characters as escape sequences.


### Name [String]

```powershell
[Parameter(
  Mandatory = $true,
  Position = 2,
  ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true)]
```

Specifies the current name of the property to be renamed.


### NewName [String]

```powershell
[Parameter(
  Mandatory = $true,
  Position = 3,
  ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true)]
```

Specifies the new name for the property.


### PassThru [switch]

Returns an object representing the item property.
By default, this cmdlet does not generate any output.


### Path [String]

```powershell
[Parameter(
  Mandatory = $true,
  Position = 1,
  ValueFromPipeline = $true,
  ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true,
  ParameterSetName = 'Set 1')]
```

Specifies the path to the item to be renamed.


### Confirm [switch]

Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.


### WhatIf [switch]

Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.


### UseTransaction [switch]

Includes the command in the active transaction.
This parameter is valid only when a transaction is in progress.
For more information, see Includes the command in the active transaction.
This parameter is valid only when a transaction is in progress.
For more information, see



## INPUTS
### System.String

You can pipe a string that contains a path (but not a literal path) to Rename-ItemProperty.

## OUTPUTS
### None or System.Management.Automation.PSCustomObject

When you use the PassThru parameter, Rename-ItemProperty generates a PSCustomObject representing the renamed item property.
Otherwise, this cmdlet does not generate any output.

## NOTES
The Remove-ItemProperty cmdlet is designed to work with the data exposed by any provider.
To list the providers available in your session, type "Get-PSProvider".
For more information, see about_Providers.


## EXAMPLES
### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------

```powershell
PS C:\>rename-itemproperty -path HKLM:\Software\SmpApplication -name config -newname oldconfig

```
This command renames the config registry entry contained in the HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\SmpApplication key to oldconfig.







## RELATED LINKS

[Online Version:](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=293902)

[Clear-ItemProperty]()

[Copy-ItemProperty]()

[Get-ItemProperty]()

[Move-ItemProperty]()

[New-ItemProperty]()

[Remove-ItemProperty]()

[Rename-Item]()

[Set-ItemProperty]()

[about_Providers]()

