# Reset-ComputerMachinePassword

## SYNOPSIS
Resets the machine account password for the computer.

## DESCRIPTION
The Reset-ComputerMachinePassword cmdlet changes the machine account password that the computers use to authenticate to the domain controllers in the domain.
You can use it to reset the password of the local computer.

## PARAMETERS

### Credential [PSCredential]

```powershell
[Parameter(ParameterSetName = 'Set 1')]
```

Specifies a user account that has permission in the domain to reset the computer's machine password.
The default is the current user.

Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is introduced in Windows PowerShell 3.0.


### InformationAction [System.Management.Automation.ActionPreference]

```powershell
[Parameter(ParameterSetName = 'Set 1')]
[ValidateSet(
  'SilentlyContinue',
  'Stop',
  'Continue',
  'Inquire',
  'Ignore',
  'Suspend')]
```


Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is introduced in Windows PowerShell 3.0.


### InformationVariable [System.String]

```powershell
[Parameter(ParameterSetName = 'Set 1')]
```


Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is introduced in Windows PowerShell 3.0.


### Server [String]

```powershell
[Parameter(ParameterSetName = 'Set 1')]
```

Specifies the name of a domain controller to use when setting the machine account password.

This parameter is optional.
If you omit this parameter, a domain controller is chosen to service the command.


### Confirm [switch]

```powershell
[Parameter(ParameterSetName = 'Set 1')]
```

Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.


### WhatIf [switch]

```powershell
[Parameter(ParameterSetName = 'Set 1')]
```

Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.



## INPUTS
### None

You cannot pipe input to this cmdlet.

## OUTPUTS
### None

This cmdlet does not generate any output.


## EXAMPLES
### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------

```powershell
PS C:\>Reset-ComputerMachinePassword

```
This command resets the machine password for the local computer.
The command runs with the credentials of the current user.


### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 2 --------------------------

```powershell
PS C:\>Reset-ComputerMachinePassword -Server DC01 -Credential Domain01\Admin01

```
This command resets the machine password of the local computer using the DC01 domain controller.
It uses the Credential parameter to specify a user account that has permission to reset a machine password in the domain.


### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 3 --------------------------

```powershell
PS C:\>Invoke-Command -ComputerName Server01 -ScriptBlock {Reset-ComputerMachinePassword}

```
This command uses theInvoke-Command cmdlet to run a Reset-ComputerMachinePassword command on the Server01 remote computer.

For more information about remote commands in Windows PowerShell, see about_Remote and Invoke-Command.



## RELATED LINKS

[Online Version:](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=293903)

