# Set-Item

## SYNOPSIS
Changes the value of an item to the value specified in the command.

## DESCRIPTION
The Set-Item cmdlet changes the value of an item, such as a variable or registry key, to the value specified in the command.

## PARAMETERS

### Credential [PSCredential]

```powershell
[Parameter(ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true)]
```

Specifies a user account that has permission to perform this action.
The default is the current user.

Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.


### Exclude [String[]]

Omits the specified items.
The value of this parameter qualifies the Path parameter.
Enter a path element or pattern, such as "*.txt".
Wildcards are permitted.


### Filter [String]

Specifies a filter in the provider's format or language.
The value of this parameter qualifies the Path parameter.
The syntax of the filter, including the use of wildcards, depends on the provider.
Filters are more efficient than other parameters, because the provider applies them when retrieving the objects, rather than having Windows PowerShell filter the objects after they are retrieved.


### Force [switch]

Allows the cmdlet to set items that cannot otherwise be changed, such as read-only alias or variables.
The cmdlet cannot change constant aliases or variables.
Implementation varies from provider to provider.
For more information, see about_Providers.
Even using the Force parameter, the cmdlet cannot override security restrictions.


### Include [String[]]

Changes only the specified items.
The value of this parameter qualifies the Path parameter.
Enter a path element or pattern, such as "*.txt".
Wildcards are permitted.


### InformationAction [System.Management.Automation.ActionPreference]

```powershell
[ValidateSet(
  'SilentlyContinue',
  'Stop',
  'Continue',
  'Inquire',
  'Ignore',
  'Suspend')]
```


Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.


### InformationVariable [System.String]


Type a user name, such as "User01" or "Domain01\User01", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one generated by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

This parameter is not supported by any providers installed with Windows PowerShell.


### LiteralPath [String[]]

```powershell
[Parameter(
  Mandatory = $true,
  ParameterSetName = 'Set 2')]
```

Specifies a path to the location of the new items.
Unlike Path, the value of LiteralPath is used exactly as it is typed.
No characters are interpreted as wildcards.
If the path includes escape characters, enclose it in single quotation marks.
Single quotation marks tell Windows PowerShell not to interpret any characters as escape sequences.


### PassThru [switch]

Passes an object representing the item to the pipeline.
By default, this cmdlet does not generate any output.


### Path [String[]]

```powershell
[Parameter(
  Mandatory = $true,
  Position = 1,
  ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true,
  ParameterSetName = 'Set 1')]
```

Specifies a path to the location of the new items.
Wildcards are permitted.


### Value [Object]

```powershell
[Parameter(
  Position = 2,
  ValueFromPipeline = $true,
  ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true)]
```

Specifies a new value for the item.


### Confirm [switch]

Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.


### WhatIf [switch]

Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.


### UseTransaction [switch]

Includes the command in the active transaction.
This parameter is valid only when a transaction is in progress.
For more information, see Includes the command in the active transaction.
This parameter is valid only when a transaction is in progress.
For more information, see



## INPUTS
### System.Object

You can pipe an object that represents the new value of the item to Set-Item.

## OUTPUTS
### None or an object representing the new or changed item.

When you use the Passthru parameter, Set-Item generates an object representing the item.
Otherwise, this cmdlet does not generate any output.

## NOTES
You can also refer to Set-Item by its built-in alias, "si".
For more information, see about_Aliases.

The Set-Item cmdlet is not supported by the Windows PowerShell FileSystem provider.
To change the values of items in the file system, use Set-Content.

In the Registry drives, HKLM: and HKCU:, Set-Item changes the data in the (Default) value of a registry key.
To create and change the names of registry keys, use New-Item and Rename-Item.
To change the names and data in registry values, use New-ItemProperty, Set-ItemProperty, and Rename-ItemProperty.

The Set-Item cmdlet is designed to work with the data exposed by any provider.
To list the providers available in your session, type "Get-PsProvider".
For more information, see about_Providers.


## EXAMPLES
### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------

```powershell
PS C:\>set-item -path alias:np -value c:\windows\notepad.exe

```
This command creates an alias of "np" for Notepad.






### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 2 --------------------------

```powershell
PS C:\>set-item -path env:UserRole -value Administrator

```
This command uses the Set-Item cmdlet to change the value of the "UserRole" environment variable to "Administrator".






### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 3 --------------------------

```powershell
PS C:\>set-item -path function:prompt -value {'PS '+ $(Get-Date -format t) + " " + $(Get-Location) + '> '}

```
This command uses the Set-Item cmdlet to change the "prompt" function so that it displays the time before the path.






### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 4 --------------------------

```powershell
PS C:\>set-item -path function:prompt -options "AllScope,ReadOnly"

```
This command sets the AllScope and ReadOnly options for the "prompt" function.
This command uses the Options dynamic parameter of the Set-Item cmdlet.
The Options parameter is available in Set-Item only when you use it with the Alias or Function provider.







## RELATED LINKS

[Online Version:](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=293910)

[Clear-Item]()

[Copy-Item]()

[Get-Item]()

[Invoke-Item]()

[Move-Item]()

[New-Item]()

[Remove-Item]()

[Rename-Item]()

[about_Providers]()

